[DOC] Updated deploy&demo and added demo tutorial (#1784)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/guide/tutorials/base/deploy.rst

> How to deploy the model and use deployed demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to deploy the model and use demo in exportable code
```

=============================================

This guide shows, how to deploy a model trained in the :doc:`previous stage <how_to_train/index>` and visualize it outside of this repository.
As a result of this step, we'll get the exported model together with the self-contained python package and a demo application to visualize results in other environment without long installation process.

.. NOTE::

>     To learn how to use CLI demo inside this tutorial with more features, refer to :doc:`demo`.

Reviewer: where is the demo file?

Author: You review and find my mistakes as fast as I do it, who are you doing this?

>     To learn how to use CLI demo inside this tutorial with more features, refer to :doc:`demo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To learn how to use demonstration mode inside this repository utilizing OTX CLI , refer to :doc:`demo`.
```

We also can deploy the quantized model, that was optimized with NNCF or POT, passing the path to this model in IR format to ``--load-weights`` parameter.

After that, we can use the resulting ``openvino.zip`` archive in other application. 

*************
Demonstrarion
*************

> Using ported demo, we're able to run model in demonstration mode outside of this repository, using only ported ``.zip`` archive with minimum required packages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the exported demo, we're able to run the model in the demonstration mode outside of this repository, using only ported ``.zip`` archive with minimum required packages.
```

The demo allows to apply our model on the custom data or the online footage from a web camera and see how it will work in the real-life scenario.

1. Unzip the ``openvino.zip``
archive.

.. code-block::

    unzip  outputs/deploy/openvino.zip -d outputs/deploy/

2. To run the demo in exportable code, we can use a brand-new virtual environment, 
where we need to install a minimalistic set of packages required for inference only.

.. code-block::

    python3 -m venv demo_venv --prompt="demo"
    source demo_venv/bin/activate
    python -m pip install -r outputs/deploy/requirements.txt

3. The following line will run the demo on your input source, 
using the model in the ``model`` folder. You can pass as ``input`` a single image, a folder of images, a video file, or a web camera id.

.. code-block::

>     (demo) ...$ python3 outputs/deploy/python/demo.py --input docs/utils/images/wgisd_dataset_sample.jpg \

Reviewer: You use python above, but here is python3. Let's use "python" everywhere

                                                      --models outputs/deploy/model

You can press ``Q`` to stop inference during the demo running.

The model inference on your custom image will look like this:

.. image:: ../../../../utils/images/wgisd_pr_sample.jpg
  :width: 600

>   :alt: this image shows the inference results on the WGISD dataset

Reviewer: I have a concern regarding this. As we are preparing this tutorial for all tasks the reader may not know about WGIST dataset and that it was used for OD tutorial. Add a link for the dataset and point out that it is example for object detection model

Author: Great point, thank you

color for each class visualization, but any changes should be made with caution. 

For example, in our image of the winery we see, that a lot of objects weren't detected.
The original confidence threshold was chosen based on the validation split results to maximize the final F1 metric, balancing precision and recall values. So, visual results can be not suitable enough for a user.
To overcome this problem, we can decrease ``confidence_threshold`` in ``config.json file`` from **0.4** to **0.3**.

.. code-block::

    "model_parameters": {
        "result_based_confidence_threshold": true,
        "confidence_threshold": 0.3000000059604645,

For visual purposes, we can also update the color of ``Chardonnay`` class from yellow to lilac to make it more distinguishable.

.. code-block::

    "all_labels": {
        "0": {
            "_id": "0",
            "name": "Chardonnay",
            "color": {
                "red": 230,
                 "green": 106,
                 "blue": 226,

The result will be the following:

.. image:: ../../../../utils/images/wgisd_pr2_sample.jpg
  :width: 600
  :alt: this image shows the inference results on the WGISD dataset

> 

Reviewer: Please, add here something like: "Meanwhile this is example for object detection demo, other tasks can have their own tunable parameters that are also will be stored in ``config.json`` file"
